# What is Stigmee ?

Stigmee is a decentralized and open source web browser and social network 3D,
made with Godot and the Chromium Embedded Framework it is designed to run on PC
(Linux, MacOS , Windows...) and expected for mobile (iOS, Android). It can be
seen as an open source competitor and decentralized direct to the Metaverse, but
it is much more than that. In Stigmee the users (the Stigmers) assemble
collections applicable web addresses, such as collections of tabs in a browser
assembling a series of URLs can take between 15 minutes and 15 hours depending
on the topic (which restaurant are we going to tonight: 15 mins; which
cryptocurrency to buy: 15 hours) and when a user closes his window with his
relevant tabs, all that work is wasted. To destroy him no more Stigmee preserves
him anonymously and uses it to offer a collection of relevant tabs to the user
directly, potentially saving him 15 hours since nobody wants to see 30 pop-up
tabs in their browser at the same time, Stigmee requires to CONTAIN the
experience and the interface: it's there What does the 3D web and Godot do the
tab series is represented as a "BRIN", describes the shore of a river where URLs
are spatialized as lands by a river this strand can be copied, modified, shared
(modified) this working method is comparable to that of WAZE which uses the
paths traveled by motorists to calculate the best paths possible, it is called
STIGMERGY and comes from hives and anthills.  This is why the network is called
STIGMEE.

Le premier mock-up du projet (qui s'appelait alors "Chr√©age) est ouvrable sous
chrome ici en webgl http://chreage.befuse.com/content/WEBGL/ChreageAlpha0-3/index.html
